Took 2 cabs on 3/1/17.. One from the 1 train at Lincoln Center to the Beacon Theatre and the 2nd cab(after the show ended from the Beacon Theatre to 3 rd street).. Both drivers were very customer service friendly...Hailing the cabs was interesting but these two drivers stopped and provided professional service...
I'm writing this review because I feel like it's my duty warn users.I had reserved a taxi for 7 am in the morning via Yellow Cab NYC to get to JFK for a flight. They had told me the driver would call me in the morning. But the driver never called.When I called them at around 7:05, they casually told me that all their services were full. And it'd take up to 1 more hour.I could've very easily missed my flight.
I used these cabs for years.  Compared to other American cites they are awesome, but that doesn't mean it great by any means.  Some so hot you can't imagine.  Other with drivers on the phone the whole time.  Others with drivers who want to chat the whole time.  Like no wins all around.  But they are available and easy to hail, especially for women, even easier in heels.  Just sayin'.  When I got to NYC they only took cash.  But now you can use Apple Pay in many and credit in all I think.  And they have little tvs in them now too.  But then Uber and Lyft came along.  Some competition.  Keeps it all real.11-2017
Worst taxi service ever!!!!Cabs are disgusting, and the drivers are unfriendly. The prices are horrible. Once I took a uber that costed $20, while the yellow cab costed $60.
While most NYC yellow cabs remain disgusting, they've greatly improved over the years. Between the implementation of TVs in the back and the ability to swipe your own credit card without giving it to the cabbie and worrying he's going to lose it between the seats while angry drivers beeping their horns are being held up in traffic behind you, the future was hopeful...Then Uber came around ...But when in New York, I'm pretty loyal to the yellow cabs for 3 reasons:1) It's much easier to hail a yellow cab than wait for an Uber2) You will wait for an Uber because the NYC skyline gets in the way of most GPS signals, thereby making it difficult for Uber drivers to locate you3) Most importantly, it's not a whole lot cheaper to take Uber within the City limits
If there one job I wouldn't want, it would be to be a NYC taxi driver. Though I am a nurse I have limited patience for rude, aggressive or inconsiderate people. Though I do take care of people that fit in this description. As cabbie you're expected to know where every thing is- ugh I need GPS for that. You're expected to magically fly and arrive bc the genius in the backseat is late for whatever reason. I wouldn't want the stress. You take Bs from people who bitch about traffic- as if it's your fault. Some of you do it well- some of you have pent up aggression that needs to be released- cause screaming and cutting others off is crazy. At the end of the day- you do a great job. I won't let a few rotten apples define who you are. You have a hard job. You're doing something you love. Stay true and smile. And if the passenger isn't making small talk- please don't !
this ass wipe was just zigging & zagging all over the road -  26 March 2017 around 11am coming off G W Bridge
Horrible experience with reckless driver coming from JFK into the city. We got into our cab around 1 am at a fixed rate of $59. Which seemed pretty high in comparison to Uber or Lyft. He appeared to be either very tired or drunk when we first got in the car. He couldn't stay in his lane the entire ride. He was swerving, cutting people off, didn't use turn signals, and almost hit another car which we had to warn him about. This speedy recklessness led us to assume he might be drunk. It was an incredibly nerve racking ride. He also was very distracted and kept looking for something in the car, even opening the door at one point. Once we got to our destination, which we were happy to finally make it to safely, he became incredible hostile, slamming his door and cursing, when we had to pay with a card, which doesn't seem like an absurd thing to need to do in a Yellow cab. He wanted us to pay in cash for some reason. Overall, the worst experience I've had with Yellow Cab, which is a car service I want to continue to support in a city that needs them more than Uber or Lyft. But, I can't do that when there are drivers who put their clients lives in danger.
In times of dire situation, NYC medallion taxi pulled through for me and my family.  The NYC medallion taxi is a long time icon.  I like the checkered yellow and black taxi of the 1920s by Checker Cab Manufacturing Company-- very iconic and very nostalgic of early 20th century.  Upon discharge from the hospital of my MAJOR surgery in 2015 with severe abject, excruciating pain unable to walk and certainly unable to take public transportation home NYC medallion taxi was my means of conveyance to my destination.  Not all drivers are created equal to go the distance outside Manhattan into the four NYC boroughs when picking up my street hails. In 2015 era with tools equipped as GPS I still had to provide verbal driving directions from point to point leading to my destination.  GPS is not 100% accurate nor full-proof blue print vs. experienced drivers who know NYC streets, highways, expressways and backdoor side streets.  The driver was extremely insensitive to my physical state of being as he purposely took the most bumpiest road surfaces filled with potholes while I shrieked loudly with wails of utter pain.  Apathetic. Utilizing a NYC medallion taxi is a absolute necessity in times of peril situation.  Shutting the annoying TV is an option in the vehicle.NYC medallion taxicabs are licensed and regulated by New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC), unlike Uber a private unlicensed and non-government regulated taxicab, NYC medallion taxicab passengers can report, complain and obtain driver's license and TLC license, and attend a fair hearing.http://www.nyc.gov/html/tlc/html/passenger/passenger.shtml
1st time in NY and the rumors are true. These NY cabs are racist. My mom has a cane and still didn't pick us up. I'm in Manhattan. Sad.
#285-2016:I guess you never truly experience NYC unless you get yelled, cursed and possibly tossed out of a Yellow Cab... I got me 2 out of 3 on several occasions.Which leads me to believe it was not a simply sporadic ordeal I was the unwilling victim of.Catch a cab, tell them precisely where you are headed and ask for a quote, wouldn't you agree this is quite normal? Apparently not... on one occasion, the driver refused to quote saying "found out when at destination". Didn't ask for the exact dime... just a rough estimate. Second time, got a quote and then had to almost double it when time came to pay. Third one was evasive but still not too far from the quote when time to pay came along.On to the taxis themselves, each of them is different? Nope... each of them feels like the driver lives in it. Take pride in your workplace!!! Food containers, spilled sodas... and that is in the front... don't even wanna know what is in the back where I normally seat (at times it was too disgusting to wanna sit on it). Just take the time to give your car a bit of TLC... after all she's the one bringing the dough home...Last but NOT least, the fact that the driver DEMANDS a tip is beyond me!!! Granted I am accustomed to tipping (generously for the most part), I find it aggravating, repulsing and quite frankly illegal to DEMAND more regardless of the tip.... more than once, I have stepped away with the ENTIRE tip amount to a cursing taxi driver.Learn to respect costumers, work on your ethics, clean your car and your attitude and maybe people will start actually looking forward to taking a cab instead of dreading it!
I would give it 0 star. Got a cab from Midtown to Queens home. When we got into highway driver started driving reckless. We almost got into a car accident, then he suddenly unexpectedly stopped while driving in high speed and I hit myself to the front, injured my arm, broke my nails and got open cut wound on my finger and bleeding now. Driver didn't stopped to check if I was OK, instead he kept driving again in high speed. I asked him to stop saying that I have injuries, but he was just laughing and say 'sorry' and kept carelessly driving. Finally I called 911 and asked for ambulance and police and screamed at him to stop. After hearing I was on the phone with 911 operator he stopped. While waiting for ambulance he didn't provide any first aid, instead kept running the meter and saying 'Why you called 911? We gonna be at your destination soon'. Ambulance and police came and were showing first aid, but driver kept demanding I pay him now before they take me to hospital. I paid this idiot even I was in great pain. Right now I'm in hospital and getting treatment. As soon discharged I'm filing a lawsuit against "Yellow Cab" and the driver. Never again will use their services. Avoid them for the sake of your safety.
I love and respect new York cabbies. No surge pricing, no waiting and most of them knows where they are going.
A necessary evil.Expensive and often smells bad.
The NY Yellow cab. It's almost an institution in New York City. I still remember the ones where you had stools in the back seats. These days most of them now have computer screens in the back seat and it's partition that separates you and the driver. You can pay with a credit card though I usually get hints of most drivers hating for doing that. They are easy to find in Manhatten for the most part. The two nights I've always had issues with, understandably, are Halloween and New Years Eve. Otherwise no more than a few minutes on a bad day and you find one. It all comes down to your driver from there. If you get a good one, you get delivered the fastest way, which should mean the cheapest and safest way. If you get a bad one, it can be bad. It hasn't happened often to me but if you take cabs enough it will happen.
As everyone knows never expect any good services from NYC yellow cab. We can't believe the driver was text driving right in front us tonight. When we told him we prefer him stop texting and drive safely, he advice me to switch to another cab. And said, why don't you drive yourself? He started a fight with us and the threatening us that he is going to drop us off on highway.After all the frustration, we finally got to our destiny. We paid him in cash and ask him for  an receipt, he purposely avoid to print it and told me his printer is not working. After all, we called 311 to file a complaint with his medallion number. We realize all 311 does is asking you all your personal info, but they barely know what's the procedures are going to be. ???? It's a lawless business. Now I know why there are so many private cab companies. The cab service in NYC is just  rather horrifying!!!  NEVER WASTE YOUR MONEY ON A NYC YELLOW CAB !!!
a lil Sumthin' Sumthin' - http://youtu.be/vkRl_nLLoVgYou either jump in a cab with a normal person or with the guy above...Experienced:Some respectful drivers will take quicker routes, and honestly access traffic-to-fee ratio and provide options. These guys are hard working with families to support. Driving in Manhattan is a nightmare at peak times, and you will appreciate any comfort/professionals provided.Other:Totally fcuking insane drivers who do 30mph and up slippin by other cars with 2inches to spare. These guys are usually the new hacks or old hacks who have been in NY too long and have sunk into the dark side.On Duty/Off Duty:If u "look" like you are going to rob them, abandon hope of getting a cab.
I would give this no stars if an option. I was picked up from a Taxi stand at Madison Square Garden and dropped off at home (Cab #8P12, Awesome Taxi Management) After paying the cab a good tip on top of fare, the driver took off with my luggage and dog carrier while I pounded his trunk and waved. To report the loss with the cab company, I had to file a lost and found report for $47 and leave a message which I don't expect returned. If you ride a Yellow Cab NYC. I recommend you take the drivers name and a picture of the medallion...it will help with the police report.Update: The cab was traced and contacted, with no response. It appears the driver was undocumented and did not provide correct contact info. Nothing dropped off at designated lost and found. Complaint filed with NYC Taxi & Limo Commission. Yellow Cab is just not safe with issues in driver accountability. Take Uber or Lyft which provides info and pictures on the driver and driver rating.
NYC Cab drivers - you are my heroes.  I mean...no wonder there are so many car chase scenes in movies...this type of driving is real!They are tour guides!  They can make small talk and drive in chaotic conditions.  They keep me safe:  "Your door is still open...DON'T open it in the middle of the intersection!"  The cab drivers are BRAVE!  Their job is stressful.  A free ride and sometimes violence may await them when a destination is reached.  I give each driver a twenty spot at each destination.  Too generous?  I overhear that parking at Madison Square Garden on fight night is $60 - the whole weekend will cost me about the same.  I would give more if I could.  Thank you NY cab drivers.  I'm in love with NYC in part, because of you.[Written while listening to"Where Are U Now (with Justin Bieber)"Skrillex & Diplo]
I was hit by a yellow taxi today on the freeway. This idiot put a dent in my car and luckily that was the worst of it. I was so stunned and pissed that I did not get a taxi number or take a picture. This is the kind of NYC taxi drivers you put on the road?!! This could have been a FATAL accident and the moron looked at me like I was in the wrong. I'm very disappointed in the NYC taxi drivers.
Yes, the NYC Yellow Taxi is an icon. Sure, they are everywhere, with some being good and others being downright craptacular. At least many nowadays are of the newer variety from those smaller compact vehicles where there is so little legroom you need the jaws of life to get you out at your stop, to the larger SUV types that have enough room in them to camp out in. I'm not into the whole Uber or Lyft thing as I find it just as easy to stick my arm out and hail a cab. Yet, at times I wish Scotty could beam me up and transporter me to where I want to go. Yellow Cab at times has made we want to choke the driver. My observations - 1) What the heck is with the new micro-mini cabs? Holy crap there is no god damn leg room in the back seat! Sliding in and out is like being put in a meat grinder. Why are my damn knees slammed into the back of the front seat, and why are my feet lodged under it? My dress shoes are now all scuffed up. What idiot designed this crap?2) I turn off the damn annoying TV. Every ride. Bad enough I have to be bombarded with commercials, and stupid ass Jimmy Kimmel segments, but do I have to be subjected to this in every cab rotating over and over and over?3) Don't tell me your damn credit card machine is not working you d-bag. You picked me up now take me where I want to go as I have no cash on me for a $20 ride. I am using plastic.4) Take me to Brooklyn or I will effing kill you. I will not ask again or argue this point, and no, I will not get out of the cab. I will sit here and waste your time. It's your job - do it!5) What is that god damned smell? Why does the cab smell like dirty ass? Febreze once in a while dammit! Hang some of those little scented Christmas trees around. Take a damn shower. Use deodorant. Have some pride in yourself and your cab dude.6) Close the windows and turn on the freaking air conditioning! I ask if it works as soon as I get in. If you say no, or don't acknowledge me I am getting out. Case closed.7) Get off the damn phone. I don't want to listen to you talking to your friends and family for the whole ride. In a strange language. No matter what country they are in. Shut up!8) What do you mean you don't know where that place is? You are the driver so why are you asking me for the directions? Holy crap! Use GPS!9) If I tell you the best route you better take it. Don't try to scam me by taking the most congested route, or not cutting through the park, or acting like you didn't know the street fair or protest march is there. I have lived here long enough to know all your dirty tricks.10) Turn off Al-Zazeera radio, or whatever Bangra crap music or religious chanting station you are listening to. I want a nice quiet ride.These are just a handful of gripes and opinions I have on NYCYellow Cab. Still, there are some that on occasion will pleasantly surprise you. In a few instances I will hop in a cab that is large and roomy. Clean and fresh smelling. With a courteous and savvy driver that gets you there quickly and will use the best route possible. Some even will put on music you like or the ballgame on request. Nice cold air conditioning too. For these guys I tip well and they are worth it. Too bad these cabs and drivers seem to be in the minority.Overall, we are stuck with all of them, good and bad. I use the subways anyway 90% of the time as a monthly unlimited metrocard will get you pretty much everywhere quicker and cheaper. For those times I need to use a cab I pick and choose which ones I will get in now, and sometimes you just have to grin and bear it as some really suck and you are stuck with whatever comes by first.
Was at Laguardia early in the morning. A group of yellow cabs and drivers were lined up at the pavement outside of the DC/NYC commuter terminal. I asked a group of them if they were taking passengers since they were all just standing there. They said, "Ya." I asked if any would take me to Washington Heights. One of them asked the group "Does anyone feel like going?" They all said, "Nope."I called an Uber. There in five minutes, didn't smell like a dirty diaper, and the driver drove like he didn't hate his life. Sorry Yellow Cab, I like the whole idea of keeping it local, but your service continues to disappoint and this last experience was the last time I waste my time and money on an inferior service.
They are hit or miss on quality of drivers, the cats themselves ideally sound like they are going to call apart.  No wonder Uber is killing yellow cab
Friday, Oct 7, II took a cab from Penn Station to Brooklyn, to a Hotel, I gave the driver the hotel name, address.  I could see he was taking it slowly.  My problem when we get to the other side of Brokklyn and he stop, he requested me to pay, I did and then I asked him, where is the hotel, he said somewhere around, go and find it, I saidd you have to turn around and find the hotel, well he couldn't do it, it is illegal to make a U turn.  I get out and I found a Trafic Policemen, I expalined to him, he was furious, however the cab sped away, the Policemen actually crossed the street with me and hailed a cab to made sure that the driver will take me to destination, he took me.  Now I am out, an additional, $20 of pocket.  I called 311 and gave them info, they said will be calling me the following week, instead II got an email that will review the case in 45 days.  I guess Uber is my next taxi ride
I only take NYC Yellow cabs when I'm in a hurry and traffic is moving.But I love NYC yellow cabbies, I love them.  The thrill of riding a cab around Manhattan is indescribable so Ima stop there. Please DONT Take a Cab if:If you cannot take a driver who weaves a basket on 5th ave;If you have issues with people cursing in another language;If you feel guilty beating someone else to  a cab;If you hate feeling like you're near close to death.Do Uber instead.Tip:  Always check the cab or your seat before exiting the cab.  Tip your cabbie.Visits:  countless many
There's a reason Uber and Lyft are crushing them. Drivers simply don't use the fastest routes and often don't know where to go at all. No GPS in 2016 makes a cab company obsolete.
I had a bad experience with a Yellow Cab last week. I'm not from these parts so I felt they took advantage of me when I flew into La Guardia airport. Red flags should've immediately gone up when the cabbie told me, "There's heavy traffic into the city tonight (Friday, 9:30 p.m.). Do you want me to take the long way into town?" Thus, what should've been a $45 ride to the East Village (2nd and Houston) ended up costing me more than twice that -- $97 -- when the cabbie went north and took the Triborough Bridge. Then his credit card system gave me three options for a tip: 20%, 25% or 30% I guess the guy took me for a sucker. Recommendation: Use Uber or Lyft next time. Or take the F Line from Jackson Heights. The subway with transfer only costs $2.75. Sorry, Yellow Cab. Next time no tip for you.
It's a total scam. You reserve online, it asked you to pay a 10 dollar fee, then it sent you an email with no confirmation number or whatsoever, so that there was no way to change or cancel it. I had to change my pick-up time, so I called the number in the email. They were charging another 35 dollars on a less than 3 mile ride to the airport. I said then I want to cancel my reservation. He said sorry I don't have anything in the system, I don't have your name in here (but he didn't even ask my name the whole time). I said can you give me instructions on how to cancel my reservation then, he literally said "stop wasting my time, what the fuck do you want me to do?" And hung up. Worst experience you can ever expect.
Zero stars. Do not rely on them for a scheduled pickup to an airport. Ever. They didn't come. Called them about it and they said "oh we called a yellow cab" and hung up. Get an Uber. Oh. Even better. They advised me to schedule for fifteen minutes earlier than I asked for, just in case. The just in case was apparently just in case they didn't come.
literally the worst experience I had. The driver was speeding. He was going 80mph on a 40mph road. Not only that , he was swerving and jerking the cab and it made me nauseous. He even dared to turn around and ask if everything was good when we reached my destination and demanded for a tip.
In a time of strife, Yellow Cab's predatory practices and utter lack of empathy in dealing with a tough situation are downright unethical. I'll paint the landscape:I left my phone in a cab. It happens. I called and called and called for a good 35 minutes or so. It was never picked up. But knowing I had a 100% charge on my cell phone, I figured I could keep trying until a friendly samaritan would pick up and let me know they tracked down my wayward phone. Instead, 35 minutes later, someone decided to turn off my phone completely, which leads me to believe they decided to steal my phone and turn it off altogether to avoid any chance of ever tracking it down. Sucks, and it's my fault for leaving it behind... but that's not the worst part of this tale.I figured it couldn't hurt to call and place a lost and found notice. Apparently they only deal with lost and found on their website. OK, I'll do that. After filling out their questionnaire (name, email, description of what was lost, etc...) and hitting submit, it took me to a second page, and that's where my jaw dropped.It costs **$47** to place a lost and found forum post. Fourty. Seven. Fuckin'. Dollars. So I just lost my $600 (retail) phone, and for the shot in the dark that someone actually reads their antiquated lost and found forum (screen shot here to view the age old user experience model https://www.evernote.com/shard/s26/sh/a2e4ba87-759f-40b7-9525-d1e306ba7a74/060514a4b18db3ffd4457166ed3af80f) they want to charge me $47? At one point in history did your soul get sucked from your body? Are your board of trustees a gang of deranged sociopaths? Did you not get hugged enough as children? To anyone at Yellow Cab reading this, I just have one thing to say: Fuck you.
I was lucky enough to get the best cabbie NYC has to offer and he is also a celebrity amongst his fellow cab drivers because he looks just like Albert Einstien. We had a great chat on our way to La Guardia and he told me all about his recent trip to Africa. If you happen to come across him, make an effort to chat with him, he's quite a character.
I just had a really nice home tonight: Jua Huang was my driver! he had no problem taking me from Tribeca to Bushwick and made sure I got out ok and took all my things.  He thanked me for my tip and he meant it. He was just really sweet! Thank you Jua!! 5 stars for you!Mary
Only going to give one star for the simple reason they exist and I met one good cab driver out of all experienced. 2 weeks ago I visited NYC for a couple of days.  Arrived at the apartment,  71st and Park late afternoon. I was expected within an hour in Brooklyn For Dinner. I waved down a cab, driver did not want to go to Brooklyn as he 4pm shift change was up coming. I wave down a second cab who had no problem taking me to Brooklyn. As I was getting in a well dressed lady was stressing that she was so late with her daughter go someplace important so I have up my ride as the cups was upset and very young. Thinking this now would give me good, to get another cab. How wrong could I have been .It took me approximately one hour to find a cab driver that would agree to take me to Brooklyn. Every excuse in the book from cab drivers once I was even in the cab refusing to take me to Brooklyn. It was outrageous.I think it's time to  sign up with Uber as I never wish to experience this again. A real shame that I always patronize the professionals of the taxi business I need to get treated so awfully.  The yellow cab drivers are leaving a huge opening for other entities to come in and take that business a way which I hope is sooner rather than later.I suppose they must be so busy and so wealthy they don't need anybody's business.Screw that
No words for how much I love that "Yellow Cabs NYC" is a *thing* on Yelp. As a large and pretty much unavoidable institution as Yellow Cabs are in our bustling town, I do think it's a bit harsh and unfair to review them all here negatively as there ARE some pretty awesome, stand-up cabbies out there...But I digress. We're gonna pretend that I went ahead and proceeded to add up all of the taxis I've ever taken and divided them something illogical and somehow found a median range (YEAH!! FANCY MATHEMATICAL JARGON!!!) and I will now review that "median range".I've been in some really scary cab rides - I'm talking Vin Diesel-esque, Fast & the Furious type shit, minus a sexy bald-headed man with an amazingly weird and sexy way of talking. I've gotten into screaming matches with some cabbies when they've decided to give me a "scenic tour" and go around in unnecessary circles to get me to my destination. I've almost been hit by cabs on more than one occasion because I decided that a white traffic light that says "WALK" really does mean "WALK". I've also left a blazer or bag with brand new goodies I've purchased and they've driven fast (almost killing other pedestrians mind you) so that they can get my attention and return my stuff. There have been cabbies that have understood that I'm a little short by a few bucks/an intoxicated ok looking female just trying to get home in one piece/full of friendly banter worth giving me a discount for and of course I'm thankful. I'm most appreciative and grateful for those types of cabbies who are few - yet redeeming stars in an organization filled with mostly scumbags.Two stars for getting me from point A to point B. Still, be stern with these guys and don't let them run around in circles, lie to you about their Credit Card machines not working and make sure you're INSIDE - with the door LOCKED - before stating your destination if it's outside the borough you're in. Refer to the "Customer's Bill of Rights" which should be posted inside their cab - OH, it's NOT POSTED?! STILL not willing to drive you to where you need to go and it's NOT because they're running low on gas or sick?! Then get that iPhone out and snap a quick pic of their name and license number and report away - dunno if it actually does anything most of the time, but it does feel good...
It's too bad there is no option for 0 stars. I encountered a very rude taxi driver who screamed at me for not tipping when I clearly chose the 20% option and he continued arguing. I shared this story with a friend who told me that he got screamed at by a taxi driver as well when he felt that my friend's tip amount was not enough. I will never take another cab in nyc. I much prefer the other car services around with much nicer drivers.
My recent 4 day trip included 3 taxi rides. Had to switch to Uber. The cabs are small, no air to rear seat, worn out shocks on all 3 rides, cabs need replacing.  Just miserable hot rides. Very expensive too. Driver quality, knowledge and help lacking. Find another way folks. Trust me ! !
I have mixed feelings about yellow cab. I usually only take a cab to get home from night shift or to get to the airport. When I take it to go home from night shift, I tell the driver exactly whiche route to take, so no surprises there. They never refused to take me, although I work in Manhattan and live in Queens. Once I left my cell phone in a cab and never got it back. Can't blame it on a cab driver, maybe next customer took it, who knows. Most of their drivers don't even deserve to have a driving license, they drive like there is no tomorrow. They have absolutely no respect for other drivers. So many times I saw them stopping in the middle of the road to pick up someone, puting in danger all the cars in behind. Constantly changing lanes, cutting off other drivers, and making love with the honk. O boy, how they love that honk.
Maybe some people have good experience with it, but my experience in yesterday is totally a disaster. It is shocking and I am still horrifying when I think about it. Yesterday I just flied back to new york, as I left jfk airport, I ask airport employee to help me to call a cab. I never think about being so regretted for doing this in a hour later. As this cab approached me, my misery begins. This man is rude, seems very annoying and impatient, but I didn't turn away, so I end up in his cab. After approximately fourty I began to realized something wierd has happened. I saw myself in manhattan(and he is supposed to drive me to coney island), and I have been charged about 40 dollars at this point. So I ask why was I here, you don't have to drive to manhattan. Then he furiously replied me:"you dont' have a license and you dont know anything." Well I am not a taxi driver I am not denying that, but I know the route from coney island to jfk, it only,takes about.20 mins and there is no way you can end up in manhattan what so ever. So I ask him to drive to nearest mta station, but he shout this is highway. So I said just drove me to a subway. I was scaring this impulsive man will hurt me as the whole process. I.saw him intentionally passed a subway without stop. So I have to remind him to stop. The whole process took about one and half hour, I was charged 90 dollars and still in halfway from my home. Horrible service, and illegal I believed. Can't believe this happen.
Yello cab with plate 7Y70 refused to drive me to JFK from mid town when I was in hurry to catch a flight, I complained to 311 but as I don't live in NY and can't attend hearing, the case was closed immediately. I decided to try Uber and a car came in 5 mins and I catch my flight just in time, I will definitely use Uber instead of Yellow cab when I am in NYC next time.
They were the best, thank you to the cab driver that returned my husbands lost wallet I was and will be forever grateful to you!!!
If you ever go to http://www.yellowcabnyctaxi.com/ to book a taxi, you are obligated to pay the $10 no matter you used the taxi service or not, it's a scam!!!!! Don't use it. I reserved a 9 min ride to the airport, they charged me online then the driver called me and said I need to pay $30 additional for the 9 min ride, so I didn't take the service but they still charged me $10 online. When I called to dispute, nobody said they can do anything, I hate this place!
Can drivers think we are  that stupid... My driver took me from LGA to Bryant Park via the JFK? That's after I told her to take the tunnel, then she tried to charge me the non easy pass prices...... Contacted 311 from the cab and complained right there. Is your shitty job with that $10 you try to screw me over??? Avoid yellow cab unless you like having to complain to not get ripped off...Several cab rides, 4 similar stories. Being from out of town didn't mean I don't know my way around... Plus there are maps in the cabs.... Uber is better, these idiots should get back on whatever boat they got off of..Majority are crooked...
Rather awful. The taxis are dirty, the drivers usually spend the time talking on their cell phones or have the radio on without asking. You should ask them to get off the phone. It's your life and safety. Also, why can't you just call a taxi to pick you up, as in other cities? Hailing cabs on the street is the only way, but that is no help at busy times, or if you are in an area where taxis don't cruise.
so i guess since its rush hour and we were going from LGA to the west side at 10th ave and 42nd street, he gets paid by the meter rather than a flat rate, idiot goes rite thru times square at 6pm.  every other year our taxi driver went across town using the cross streets above central park, then south to 42nd. since we had 2 large suitcases we could not just get out and say enough is enough ! (formerly lived there so we know how to get around, not tourists) needless to say his tip was very small, and now we know we must give directions to the west side that avoid times square area!
I'm in cab 4M56 right now. He is on the phone, yelling in a foreign language. Been about 5 minutes so far. Can't take much more of this.
Yellow cabs complain about loosing business to Uber but this is the reason why.  They smell of cigarettes, the driver is on a phone call through the speaker while he is driving you, they are texting or looking on their cell while waiting on the light and passenger have to tell them to move, the ac or heat is not working, they drive very slow to run the meter, take a longer route, and have very bad body oder. I take a cab into work every morning at 2:45 am and there is always an issue I will start taking Carmel car service from now on.
Beware if you go to www.yellowcabnyctaxi.com -- it's one of the first sponsored links that pops up when you google "lost and found taxis nyc" -- DO NOT file a report with them, they ask that you pay them $50 and then are kind enough to report: "YellowCabNYCTaxi.com does not take affirmative steps to find lost property and is a private enterprise not affiliated with the TLC or City of New York." -- in other words, Thanks, sucker, we will take your money and your info and do not a thing with it.
I never Yelp, but I'm making an exception for this unbelievable company. Negative a million stars. I called to reserve a car in Brooklyn an hour before the time of pick up. The number on the website when you click "Brooklyn Car Service" is the same number on every page. An incapable, rude, sexist, angry, unworthy of a being employed guy who barely speaks, picks up. He claims, "there no cab in Brooklyn," grunts, and hangs up as an answer to my greeting and question, which were: "Hi. Hello? I'd like to reserve a car in Brooklyn for 9:45 at  ____ address to _______. Would that be possible?" I call back hoping to speak to someone else since I really really need a cab, and to get clarity on what I was previously told. Same guy picks up, of course. I ask "so you have no taxi service in Brooklyn at all? I find that hard to believe since I have seen them. You mean you have no service at this time?" That is all I said.He yells: "You making me mad! making me mad! mad! stupid b*tch. b*tch! b*tch! I mad!" and hangs up. I call back and tell him he is going to lose his job (but probably not) and he answers, "B*tch! b*tch b*tch! I call police on you!" Hah.Yep, couldn't make this up. It's been time to shut this operation down. Scum of the earth.Update/tally of harassment: I was sexually harassed 5 times by drivers and dispatchers from Yellow Cab over the course of 4 years of living in NYC. And I'm the type who treats cabbies with respect when I get in their car. For one, I drive people around Manhattan too! UGH. This "company."
2.5 stars...Taking a taxi in NYC is just about the most expensive way to get around, it is however one of the most convenient modes of transportation as there are over 13,000 yellow cabs in NYC, most of which are in Manhattan so it's easy to catch one. Compared to most other cities I've been to the taxis in NYC are much better as they don't scam you and are easy to find. 95% of the time the driver will know how to get to your destination if it's in Manhattan (after all every taxi driver has to take classes and a test on many things about the city before being granted a licence). The worst part of taking a taxi is that it's disgustingly rare having your driver know where he's going in the outer boroughs though as surprisingly most of them still don't have GPS units in their cars so you should know how to get to your destination just in case (or use the GPS on your smart phone). Sadly there are very few Robert De Niro type drivers out there anymore and the make up is predominantly Middle Eastern and African descent. Keep in mind that it's against the rules for them to be talking on the phone or playing their music, plenty still do which is almost as annoying as the TV screen that is in every car (in my opinion) playing news clips automatically as you get in. Luckily you can turn off the screen or the volume. The screen is good for the live map feature though. Another good feature is that every cab takes cards so you never have to worry about having enough cash on you. An extremely general estimate for an average length taxi ride is $13-23 (there's a flat $52 rate between Manhattan and JFK airport). Here's how the current pricing works out:Base fare: $2.50 ($3.00 between 8:00 p.m. and 6:00 am, and $3.50 during the peak weekday hours of 4:00-8:00 p.m.)Traveling: 50 cents for each one-fifth of a mile or each 50 seconds stopped or travelling under 12 miles an hourTax: 50 centsTip: not required but expected (between 12-20%)Here's how you hail a NYC taxi (needs to be a Yellow taxi, if you try hailing an a taxi and an unmarked black livery cab tries to pick you up it's technically illegal):Just stand on the street, ideally on an avenue and on the side of the road where cars are going the direction you need to be going, standing near an intersection increases your chances. What you're looking for is a cab whose number (on the roof of the car) is lit up. If the words ("off duty") besides the cabs ID# is lit up, or the number is not lit up, the cab is not available to be hailed. Just have your hand up in the air, yelling taxi or whistling is something pretty useless and quite frankly, makes you look dumb. Always just get into the taxi that pulls over for you, NEVER let the driver ask where you're going while you're outside the vehicle. It's illegal for a cab driver to refuse to take you anywhere within the five boroughs even though it does still happen (don't let it). If you've got the money or the time to spare it's better just to call a proper car service. If you don't have the money to spare, be a normal New Yorker and take the subway, it's a relatively great system. And if you don't have the time or don't need to travel far (and live here), invest in a bike, it's the best way to get around. SOME RANDOM FACTS & HISTORY (not including the constantly changing fares, taxi features, and car makes and models):-Taxis are almost all owned and operated by private companies licenced by NYC. Occasionally the driver will own the medallion (affixed to the hood and is what makes a NYC taxi) but the medallions are so expensive (hundreds of thousands of dollars) and so rare that it becomes available for sale (there are a fixed number of them) that these private companies typically own them. -1897- first NYC taxi (more of an electric cart, eventually horse and buggies took back over)-1920s- More and more fleets of taxis came to NYC. The most famous being the yellow and black checkered cabs from the Checker Cab Company (a NYC icon that remained in the city until the 1980s). -1937- NYC Mayor started licencing taxi's and limited the number of taxis with the medallion system that's in place today-1971-The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) was established and presides over the city's medallion (yellow) taxicabs, livery cabs, "black cars", commuter vans, para transit vehicles (ambulettes) and some luxury limousines
I have lived in nyc for years and have never had a pleasant experience with a cab driver. They try to take advantage of you by taking you the slowest route possible even though you have specified the streets that you would like to take. They spit out the windows and curse constantly. 2 cabs refused to take me to jfk because they didn't have enough time... Right. I promptly called uber and my driver arrived within minutes. He is pleasant and his car is much nicer than any cab.  Thank you uber. I will never be using an nyc taxi driver ever again.
Terrible service experience: messed up the time of my pickup and called me multiple times to clarify, asked me ahead if I was paying with card or cash (I said card) then proceeded to tell me after I got in the car they don't take cards and when I finally convinced them I had to pay with card they informed me they don't take American Express (which for those of you traveling for business understand how annoying that is). Wouldn't take again.
Sucky...Suckier...Suckiest way to travel on the planet.  First, you must suspend all you know about travel in other cities...NYC is a world unto itself in both the best and worst ways.We lived in NYC several years ago and the cabbies were fine. Granted, they never wanted to go to the buroughs and that has not changed. However, every time we have come to NYC recently, we find the cabbies are getting more aggressive (and lazy) about the fares they pick up and their destination.Cabby #1 picked us up at the airport. Mumbled something about his "GPS not working" and turned off his meter. We knew how much the trip was to our hotel, so it freaked him out a little when we refused to dicker about the fare.Cabby #2 stopped at my hotel and asked where I was going all while chomping on a hoagie sandwich. I told him "Manhattan" and off he sped, leaving me in the dust.Cabby #3 picked us up at our restaurant. Once in the cab, he told us he doesn't travel to to our location and told us to leave the cab.Yes, you can report them, but just try. There is a telephone number listed in the cab (311) but it has an eternal busy signal. Go online and find out that you must be present to "testify" if the cabby refuses to pay the fine. If you don't agree to testify, the report stops there.It is apparent that NYC doesn't care about tourists...must have enough already. But I, for one, am finding traveling by cab in NYC more stressful and annoying with each visit. The cabbies are actually getting hostile.I hope tourism suffers...maybe the commission will finally get the point. Until then, I have other cities to visit where I can spend my tourist dollars.TIP #1: Forget about calling and making a reservation for a pick up or using a coupon...ain't gonna happen.TIP #2: For alternate travel try a town car company (they are not much more expensive than a cab and will give you flat rates) or the subway.
scam- unaffiliated nyc taxi site do not pay 47 dollars to list your lost item. call 311 check credit card receipts to find taxi garage. i repeat scam
Sometimes when visiting NYC you need a taxi. Not the best way to get around, but they are kind of hard to beat getting to and from JFK. Don't expect much when traveling by taxi. They get you from point A to point B and not much else. Our last driver from our hotel to JFK was trying to get us to the airport in record time! lol It's easy to pay using cash or credit.
Scam.  Flat out.  Booked online, received email confirmation, car never came.  Called the dispatcher who told me I would not be charged the $7 web reservation fee.  They charged my card.  Called and emailed multiple times to have them refund the charge to no avail.  This type of run-around is not worth $7.  Keep the money you criminals.  AVOID AVOID AVOID
Today I was at 1st and 61st and told the driver--twice--I was going to Park and 61st.  So naturally he turned right on 3rd Avenue and drove up to 63rd Street?  We're not all tourists, man.  When I asked where we were going he got angry.  Just one of so many yellow cab experiences.And do not, on your life, try to get one of these guys into Brooklyn without GPS.  You may never be seen again.
ZERO STARS IF POSSIBLE.FYI: Those who gave stars above one probably did not go through the website. MAJOR SCAM. Luckily, we only lost the $3 reservation money and I planned ahead by calling a different cab company after reading these reviews.DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE. Don't know why that website is still legally running.
We used taxis throughout our trip and had a nothing but good experiences. The drivers knew their way (except one guy in Williamsburg, Brooklyn) and the cars were clean. The video screens, while providing useful and important information, were kind of annoying, so it was nice that you could eventually turn them off.The part I was worrying about most was arriving at LGA and not knowing where to find a ride or really what to do. Got our bags and there was sign pointing outside that said 'Taxi'. Outside, there was an arrow pointing us to a convenient line, with a man lining up taxis and directing people to open cars. Perfect! I was so relieved and impressed with the swiftness of the whole operation.Our driver, Serge, had a clean car, was very courteous, and knew where he was going. From LGA to Brooklyn was about $30- pretty decent.
DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE OR ATTEMPT TO CALL!!!!  They are rude and overcharge.  They will charge your card to reserve and add an additional fare when they pick you up.  The telephone operator hung up on me 4 times and was a complete @$$hole.  Go outside and hail a cab - this website and service is a nightmare.
I think this is the first time in my life where I ignored the many fellow yelper's reviews and went with a questionable company for my taxi service.  The result is absolutely unbelievable.  I bought the $45 coupon for $30 deal.  When I went to redeem the gift certificate,  the taxi driver refused to honor it and in turn yelled at me for trying to use it.  In addition they kept on telling me that the Lincoln tunnel toll is $12.50 when in fact its only $7.50 off peak.  I was able to pull it up on my smart phone and show the driver that I caught him in his lies.  Who knows how many unsuspecting customers have been scammed by this company.  Finally I had to pay the taxi just so that he doesn't hold me hostage.  He was also calling somebody for "backup" on his radio.I'm going to go ahead and report this to my credit card company as well as the BBB.  I just can't stand unscrupulous businesses trying to scam honest people.
I hate nyc for its cabs, I'm driving in one right now and I have a driver going 20 over the speed limit, destroying my picture frames in the back and I'm on the verge of hurling my whole stomach from motion sickness and I will never come to nyc in the future because of this terrible service
AVOID THIS WEBSITE AT ALL COSTS. I'd give it no stars if I could.I never write reviews, but I was compelled to leave one after how bad their service was. I've used different car/taxi services in NYC to reserve cab rides and never had a problem before. I called the number on their website the night before to request an early morning pickup from Central Park West to LGA.  The connection was somewhat staticy, but I was able to confirm they got the address and would send a Lincoln Town Car at 5:45am for $38. The next morning 5:45 rolls around and no car. At 5:50, I called and the phone rang forever before someone picked up and just said "I'm sending a mini-van for you." and the line cut off. I called back and it was the same person who I spoke with the night before (they must have had caller ID because he knew exactly who I was), who said a car will be there in 15-20 minutes. I had a flight to catch. I called for a car at 5:45 because that's when I needed to leave. Not a half hour later. You have my phone number, if you can't get a car there at the time requested, let me know. Don't wait for a customer to call to say you'll be almost a half an hour late.  I was very unimpressed with their lack of customer service and inability to do the one thing a cab service should be able to do- send a car to pick someone up.Luckily, I was able to hail a cab on the street and even with a 30% tip, I paid less than the price quoted to me by this website. Don't waste your time with Yellow Cab NYC or trying to reserve a car through their website.
If Yelp would let me give a business 0 stars, I would.  I made a simple 9am reservation for a cab to LaGuardia from Park Slope.  At 9:10am, the car still hadn't arrived.  When I called back, they said they had no such reservation.  I don't think I need to say much more.  Will never, ever use this company again.
Wow. really wish I'd read Yelp before booking with these crooks. I assumed that the yellow cab was an institution - solid as a rock. They're famous right? Besides, I use Yellow Cab in LA all the time and they are really dependable. NYC however is another matter altogether. Firstly I caught one last week from JFK to Bushwick late at night. Imagine you are a single woman alone in a strange city to which you've never been, and your driver stars asking you if you've seen The Bone Collector, and proceeds to point out serial killer locations along the route. Unimpressed. Neither was I impressed that he didn't know the way, and I luckily had printed out directions from google maps so he could use those. Ugh. we got there in the end, however.And then we come to this morning: So I needed a cab from Bushwick to JFK for my flight back. I thought I'd be organised and book it the night before. I was a little taken aback by the $7 fee, seeing as the online booking is free in LA, but shrugged it off, and thought "oh well, I am paying for peace of mind". Received a confirmation email. Then this morning I thought well, I haven't received the text. I guess I better ring them to check. Shocked to hear a most unprofessional bored sounding guy speaking in broken English on the other end, and then even more shocked when I say 'hi, I booked a cab yesterday -' he cuts me off to say 'he says he's already there' WHEN I HAVEN'T GIVEN MY NAME OR ADDRESS. he gets testy when I disagree with him and point out he can't know where 'there is' since I am making a skype call, and haven't given him any details about the booking. He gives me supposedly a cab -drivers number. Which I call. and it goes to voicemail. Time is running out. I am waiting another 10 minutes. no cab. In the end I remember I have the number for Bushwick Car service, because a local friend gave it to me. I call them out of desperation, even though I think they are probably worse. How wrong could I be? They arrive 2 minutes later and take me direct to my destination, no hassles. Out of sheer gratitude, I gave the driver a $20 tip on a $30 fare, just for saving my ass. Tell everyone who will listen: Yellow Cab NYC are incompetent scary crooks. And yes, they've charged me for the "reservation". Scamming jerks. Obviously this is how they make their money.
Terrible client service, they told me two times they would call me back and never called back about my ride. Will use another company from now on
Don't use this service online. Waiting 45 minutes. Walking or horseback is faster. No way to call or confirm bottom line NYC yellow cab online from Queens do not use. Fee charged to cc only way to retreive is dispute charge.Ended up using private car company through hotel. Much better choice. They took us in to the city and back.
Yellow cab is only for flagging down on the street.I hope people use yelp to see that there are many fine cars to reserve in NY and yellow cab is not one of them.I have, however used this company many times coming home from the airport or just hopping around the city. Most recent tale of my yellow cab service was on the day of the "Holiday Snow Storm aftermath 2010" (if you could only hear the echoing voice I use for that title... 2010.) The bus was not coming. I waited for 20 minutes. I still have to get to work. Other patrons of the MTA were slowly trickling away to walk to their next stop. The roads were still snowed in even on the major roadways here in Queens. I still have to get to work. Suddenly, I turned to the last two patrons next to me and said, "Let's share a cab." I actually thought we'd have to go for one of those TC cabs, but no... A Yellow Cab with a meter that runs drives up and I flag him down. I get to the train station!!!! A yellow cab in Queens - a nice surprise.The best part about the Yellow Cab service is that there is a meter that is running. You and all parties in the cab know the price of the ride and it is fairly standardized. You don't have to bargain. I thought that I'd have to bargain with a TC cab, but here the standard fare ticked away and I paid my share ($3.00 - thats with the tip) and hopped out getting to the subway and finally getting to work on time.... to the glee of the shift before me, a little earlier than on time.
AVOID AVOID AVOID.This is the first Yelp review I have ever written, and this awful service prompted me to speak out against the terrible service I had to put up with. I made a reservation for a 4:30 a.m. pick up in Washington Heights the night before and was okay with paying $3 for a reservation (It's NYC, so whatever) so I could make a 6 am flight out of a LGA for business travel. An hour passed and I still had not received a confirmation/price quote phone call from the company, so I called them to confirm. When the dispatcher picked up, I asked for a confirmation for my reservation and they said that it was confirmed. Irritated at this point, I told them it would have been nice to know that it was confirmed and that I had price quote and that I would see them at 4:30 the next morning. I also confirmed with them that I would receive a phone call when the cabbie arrives the next morning, and double checked that they had my cell number right.4:30 am rolls around the next morning and I didn't receive a phone call saying that the cabbie was outside waiting. I called the dispatcher again and they said that the cabbie should be outside. I said I had received no such phone call but would be right out. I get outside a minute later and there was no car in sight. Panicked, I called the dispatcher again to inform them that the cabbie wasn't there. The dispatcher had the nerve to tell me that it was my own fault for not being outside and waiting for the cabbie, so the cabbie must have left. I told the dispatcher I had never received any sort of phone call, but I got hung up on mid-sentence. Clearly they expected me to wait outside in the cold for a cab that never would have shown up. Jerks.I called them again and they didn't pick up. Called again and demanded that a taxi come get me, but the dispatcher told me that there were no cars available until 7 am. It was my turn to hang up on him. I had a gut feeling that the dispatcher was tired of dealing with me and was probably telling a bald-faced lie. Whatever. I had a effing meeting to get to in Illinois and didn't have time to deal with a$$holes dispatchers that suck at life.Still panicking, I managed to hail a cab quickly though and got to LGA in time and made it to my gate before boarding, only because I had status with my airline. I shudder to think what would have happened if I had to go through that taxi cab ordeal AND through general boarding to get through security.Because of the ridiculous monopoly that Yellow Cab NYC has on the market, this company still exists. You are much better off hailing a yellow cab from the street.
I asked for 8PM today. Still 10 more mins (which means an hour in cabbie time) to go before the cab arrives. I hate this service.
Don't reserve a taxi from this fraud institution. I was charged $65 moving from Manhattan to Queens. The fare should have been $30. Even if I considered that I had two suitcases and three boxes, I think the fare was too much. The driver was so persistence and threatening, so I gave up and paid $70 including tips.
I am writing from Newark airport and I am very lucky that I actually made it here. My mate and I went for lunch and over the course of the lunch my wallet managed to make a disappearing act. All my cards and cash are in it, where ever it is now... Fantastic timing.The hotel got me a cabbie who waited for me outside the office whilst I tried to make calls and figure out what the hell to do. One of my colleagues had to give me cash to cover the ride to the airport.On the way the taxi driver let me use his phone, helped me calm down. He bought me a can of Pepsi! I didn't even have enough cash to cover the taxi but perhaps because I was on the verge of tears he was OK with it.I felt so bad not paying the full amount and not tipping him which I expressed to him but he just smiled and said in his Jamaican accent,'God put you in my cab so that I could protect you and look after you because I can tell that you are a good woman with a good soul... I should know these things,' he opens his wallet and shows me his i.d. He's only a friggen Reverend! Praise Jesus says me! After he unloads my luggage, he gives a big bear hug! I could feel the love.Anyhow his name is Solomon and his # is 646-294-8248. Please give him lots of business!
Never use these people. 45 minutes late, didn't give a refund when I had to take another cab because I was catching a flight. When I called the driver kept saying "5 minutes" , which was a lie. Total scam.
The Yellow Cab Company is telling people trying to book over the phone that they do not have any taxis available, only black cars which are more expensive.  Then, when you go to the online reservation area, which charges $2.00 additional to book online, there are taxis available.   Dishonest and not fair to people trying to easily and fairly secure a ride to the airport!
I placed an online request for a cab, which requires a $5 reservation fee.  They never sent the cab requested, but charged my card anyways.  After numerous messages left with their "Billing Department" were left unreturned, I had to call my credit card provider to dispute the charge.Avoid at all costs.
HORRIBLE.  I ended up waiting four hours for a car because the imbecile dispatcher conveniently doesn't understand English. First I waited for a car that wasn't coming, then the car came but did a drive by and left because I wasn't standing outside in freezing weather waiting for him (he had my number but didn't call) so my friend called back and ripped them a new asshole and he returned and called when he got there.  They take cash only, of course, and charged more than they quoted me on the phone so I only ended up tipping the driver two dollars on about 67. I don't feel bad.
This is my FIRST and thus far, ONLY review on yelp.  I would like to give a review of 0, yes ZERO stars and negative if I could for this fraudulent company.Do NOT book any reservations online, for they WILL charge you and WILL NOT provide the service promised (they will NOT reserve a cab for you).  Additionally, when you call the number provided, the people who pick up are EXTREMELY RUDE.  I would actually like to know where else I can complain and hold this company responsible for their scam.Please take note of all the similar complaints noted below.  I think this company itself is dishonest/shameful because they should NOT have the website AT ALL, since one of the main reasons anyone would need to reserve a cab is if they have to catch a flight or train.  This company will cause you unnecessary stress and you may end up missing your travel plans over it.  One other thing - for those of you who have complained about Yellow Cab NYC's service online here at Yelp, please do let me know where else we can get the word out to hold this company accountable for their actions.
My daughter lives in Brooklyn, NY, so I use Yellow Cab NYC from LaGuardia and JFK frequently, understand, they do a good job most of the time for me and with that said I would give them a 3.This last trip 10/15/12 we were dropped off from LaGuardia at about 2 PM from a Van Yellow Cab #9F93 on MacDonough Street. The driver, drove 40 mph in the fast lane of the highway with every car possible passing us up, we requested that he go the speed limit of 60 since there was no traffic at the time. He continued to drive slow...I'm guessing so we would pay more of a final cost. When I paid with a credit card and gave him a 25% tip, I accidentally dropped my wallet on the floor of the taxi, perhaps even under the seat. I didn't realize I had left it until the 16th, when at that time I called their office. Apparently you can not leave info about your lost wallet with a person, it has to be listed as lost on their site...where when you finish typing in the information...you then have to pay $40.00 to get anything done!!!!!Not good business, in my book, they say they have a 78% return rate...I had business cards in my wallet, drivers license and cards and money...After checking my accounts, nothing has been touched...Hopefully someone will take the 200+ cash and will mail me my wallet, but I don't expect it. Especially with the lack of help on the Yellow Cabs part.I do not see why I was not allowed to talk to a real person about this very important lost item. I have called the police precincts in Brooklyn, no wallet.
Never take a cab from these guys... NEVERThey collude and show you inflated rates from a book and don't use the meter to charge you.You end up paying THREE times the actual costs. I paid $150 for a cab from La Guardia airport to Melville, Long Island. (Actual costs about $60)Also, the cab driver didn't even have a proper bill because he never ran the meter. He asked me to accept a receipt for $2.50 (minimum rate) and put him a tip for $147.50.Zero star if possible... Absolute rip-off.
This review is for http://www.yellowcabnyc.com/. It is a SCAM!!! I booked one and it never showed. I ended up flagging a cab, something I should have done in the first place. They charged me $9.99 anyway (never called or emailed me either). I disputed the charge through my credit card company. Do not use this website!
The online reservation is a scam, they bill your credit card and never show up! they keep deleting my review from their website. This review is for the company, not yellow cabs in general, some people here are rating the yellow cabs in nyc
...and I'd give it less than one star if I could.  We were cheated by our driver who took us on a very long ride instead of the 12 mile direct route, thereby running up our tab to over $70!  We have complained to 311, New York's complaint department, that interestingly enough, has a dedicated Yellow Cab complaint line .  Beware fellow travelers, this is not the welcome to the "Big Apple" that you have been hoping for!
NEVER MAKE A CAR RESERVATION. On-line reservations are worthless. The cab never showed. The phone number listed on-line is a message telling you that you can't contact the company via phone. I'm currently trying to get my on-line reservation money back. Grrrr.
***WARNING***If you forget something in a yellow cab DO NOT file a lost property inquiry at yellowcabnyc.com.  It is a complete scam.  The site misleads you to believe that for the $29.99 processing fee yellow cab will initiate a search for your lost item.  It is a complete lie.  You are not given a claim number or any way in which to contact the company to check on the status of your inquiry.  They simply add your name, item and phone number to a list of other lost items on their website so if another passenger who found the item wanted to go to the website and search the list for you they could.  You would have a better chance of having someone see your lost property request by using a site like craigslist and you could do it for free.  Of course once you agree to pay the "lost item inquiry processing fee"  yellowcabnyc.com directs you to the NYC taxi commission website where you can file an actual lost item inquiry for FREE.Any attempt to contact the company either via the contact us link on the site or the phone number listed on this site or the phone number listed with the transaction information on your bank statement will be ignored.Check out the Better Business Bureau's listing for Yellow Cab NYC.  They give the company an F, the lowest grade possible.  Unfortunately, looking at the amount of lost items listed on the site it appears that numerous people have fallen for this misleading "lost property inquiry" scam that Yellow Cab NYC is running on unsuspecting people.
FRAUDULENT BUSINESS.  SCAM ARTISTS.  I am reporting them to the Federal Trade Commission.  I went online at 5:30 PM; the website told me the next available cab was for 6PM.  I booked it.  Then, I received an email confirmation stating that if a dispatcher did not call me within 60 minutes to confirm my reservation, that I should call them.  Naturally I called them, as my reservation was in 30 minutes and hence I did not have 60 minutes to wait.  I called them, and the "reservation agent" had no record of my reservation.  He then hung up on me.  I called back and said I wanted to cancel my reservation - an agent said "OK" and then hung up on me.  I was charged a $7 reservation fee on my credit card.
I'm not writing in effort to rate this taxi company.  Guys, it's a cab company in New York City; if you need a car in this city, call a car service!  With that said, last night I left my phone in a cab.  I Googled Yellow Cab Lost & Found and came to this site that tried charging me $43 to list my lost item.  Straight up, I call BS.  I also called the company.  The fella on the phone, though quick and rude, was extremely helpful in telling me that I was wasting my time on the website and to contact the Tax and Limo Commission immediately.  I found this tid bit pretty helpful.   I mean, if they barely have time to converse on the phone, I'm fairly positive that they aren't checking their site.  In any case, if you have lost items, go to the Taxi & Limo Commission!
You need to stop asking people where they are going and then denying them a ride because you don't feel like driving there. You left me standing in the rain 3 times in a row outside of the Javits convention center. That's illegal and I am reporting you for that shit you fucking douch bags!
Yellow Cab NYC is a total scam - I booked (and paid the fee) online, and the cab never showed. The number is fake and there have been no responses to my follow up.Don't waste your time or your money.PS NO stars from me, but one is required to post on the site!
Usually always able to quickly find a cab but thats because im not a tourist and im willing to stand in the road and actually show myself instead of some people I see waiting behind trees or traffic light poles barely waving their hand.  Usually gets you to your location quickly enough although I once had a guy who intentionally went out of the way to run up the meter to which I immediately told him to let me out.  Never had a problem paying with credit but i've heard some stories of drivers refusing them even though there is a machine to swipe in every cab.  I usually only resort to cabs when I cant get there by subway.
I wish I could give this company negative stars. I reserved my taxi online about 4 hours before i needed them. They didnt call with a confirmation so about 25 minutes before they were suppose to arrive I called the company and asked if the car was on their way. The man reassured me the cab was in my area. 20min past the time they were suppose to be here I called customer service a second time. The same man answered and said that the cab guy called and no one picked up. I said my phone hasnt rang at all, he then cut me off saying they called and the cab driver is gone. I said can you send another car? He said no. I said my phone never rang, we need a car. He then said someone picked up and said they didnt need a cab. So first no one picked up, now hes saying someone did pick up. I asked to speak to a manager and he said there are no managers and he hung up in my face. I called cust service back and again he picked up. I said can we have another car and he said no and hung up again. I was pissed. There is a 20 cancellation fee which is charged to my credit card. I cant get ahold of a manager and these ppl are crooks!
horrible service and very rude. On one occasion I booked a taxi which didn't show. I called to follow up and the man on the phone was so rude and talked over me. He told me he had tried calling me 7 times, but there were no missed calls on my phone. The second time i booked a cab to take me to the airport at 4am. Again, no show. The man on the phone (presumably the same guy) spoke over me, told me they had no reservation (although i had email confirmation) and hung up!  Awful!
Unbelievably rude and unprofessional.  Crazy scam and has nothing to do with the Yellow Cabs you see on the street.  I called to book a car and after waiting forever for someone to pick up my call, the dude said abruptly, "We're not taking reservations for that night" and hung up!  Have had friends whose cards have been charged when they never got a ride! They suck - don't use!
I called this taxi service at about 7pm to reserve a car for 6:30am the next morning to take my visiting friends from my Washington Heights apartment to LaGuardia airport. The driver called me at 6am to confirm, and then showed up at 6:22 in a black Lincoln town car, which confused me. Isn't the company called Yellow Cab? Anyways, he got my friends to the airport in about 20 minutes. I took two stars away because the price ended up being 12 dollars higher than he quoted me when I first called. But at least my friends caught their flight with no problem.
I called three numbers, one is on yelp, the other two are from the confirmation email. None of them worked. Someone tell me this is not a scam !
reserved online... never showed. no number. charged my card. REPORT - I filed a report to VeriSign, the company that helps the website with Credit Card transactions. Report abuse to them about the website. If a reserved cab doesn't show up once, it's a mistake. If reserved cabs don't show up for ANY of the customers, that's a scam.https://sealinfo.verisign.com/splash?form_file=fdf/splash.fdf&dn=WWW.YELLOWCABNYC.COM&lang=en
As many people have previously stated, I wish I had the option of giving ZERO stars to this sham of a business. Through the internet I reserved a car and of course, did not receive a phone call for confirmation. I like to be on top of things so I called later that day to confirm and the guy (who barely spoke English) said I was set. The day before I was to be picked up I called again and was confirmed so I was assuming that everything would be fine. The day comes for me to go to JFK and the car is fifteen minutes late. I called asking where my car was and the guy said that the driver was at the wrong address and if I had given them the right one. I said I called twice, and booked through the internet, so there was no excuse for them to have erred. He said the car would be there in ten minutes. Ten minutes go by: no car. Finally the guy shows up thirty-five minutes late in a filthy car, wearing sweats and a polar fleece. I told him I was planning on paying with a card (and had asked the men on the phone who said that is fine) and he said his machine was broken. So we had to find an atm. Also, he had no change. Anyway, I'm freaking out because I have a flight to catch and the guy had no idea how to get to JFK. He was looking at the gps on his phone the entire time and therefore missing the correct exits, street signs etc. We were driving around MANHATTAN for an entire hour. At this point I was sure I'd miss my flight so I start panicking. Then this guy has the nerve to tell me everything will be fine, there's no reason for me to get upset and then starts asking why I "need to get on this flight so bad!" Excuse me, IT DOESN'T MATTER, I HAVE A FLIGHT, DO YOUR JOB!" I got to JFK five minutes before I was to board and if it weren't for the wonderful VA staff, I wouldn't have made it onto the flight. Never use these people, reserve a car through Dial 7 or Carmel. They are trustworthy, know what they're doing, and are polite and on top of it.
As a hardy New Yorker, I take the subway and bus in just about any situation. That was, until the day for my graduate interview in New Brunswick New Jersey. Having booked a rental car that was completely dry in gas, I hailed a cab as a last resort. It does not look good to be late to an interview! Five minutes into the ride, I inquired why the meter is not run